loll what's up this is free stuff all
here and this is my video showing you
guys the best free screen recorders out
there and keep in mind that these are
completely free screen recorders not
just free trials now if you're like me
and you don't want to shell out 40 plus
dollars just to record your screen then
render softs camstudio is a perfect
program for you it's a very feature-rich
program including several different
screen recording options like full
screen region and fixed screen it also
has a feature called auto pan where the
recorder actually follows your mouse
also allows you to record a highlighter
around your cursor which comes in four
shapes and various colors and sizes you
can even replace your cursor with an
icon or a cursor file basically allows
you to have any image for your mouse
cursor so another feature I found very
nice was the ability to actually record
the sound that would normally come out a
few speakers also for people without
microphones they have an on-screen
annotation feature that you can put text
or images in this for the actual video
with the default compressor settings
turned up to max the picture quality was
great it was almost as if I was staring
at my desktop when I was watching the
recording something else I found quite
nice was the ability to record from one
to 200 frames per second or have it
automatically adjust itself
sadly though there's only two file types
you can export as SWF and avi but for
the majority of people these will work
just great personally this is the best
free screen recorder I found out there I
actually prefer using this program over
hypercam with its abundance of options
and ease of use it's great choice for
anyone looking to record their screen
there's one other screen recorder I was
able to find it's not as feature-rich as
camp studio but it is still worth taking
a look at top view soft screen recorder
some of its features include
customizable hotkeys for pause record
stop and cancel changeable recording
size and changeable frame rate one thing
worth mentioning is there is actually a
cap of 30 frames per second on recording
for video quality the default compressor
is the same as in camstudio so it's
about the same quality and it's audio
has a max bitrate of 172 kilobytes per
second which is actually really good
it's higher quality than CDs and overall
this program is
extremely simple to use without anything
extravagant but it still has enough
features to get the job done now if you
feel I have left out any screen
recorders or would like to share your
experiences with either of these
programs feel free to comment below and
tell us about it remember if you're
having trouble finding any software for
free send me a message and I'll do my
best to find a freeware version and post
a video showing you how to get it to let
rate subscribe for more free stuff